remove deleted channels from discord's README (#1080)
EddieHubCommunity/support: discord-readme.md

-> #standup: everyday of code, give us your standup updates! What you did yesterday,what you plan to do today and any blockers?

> -> #healthfitness: health and fitness caus you want to get those bizeps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> #healthfitness: health and fitness cause you want to get those biceps

```

Reviewer: Actually a better sentence would be " health and fitness so you can get those biceps"

Author: Yep will change it
